docs: 📝 review design vignette (#344)
steno-aarhus/osdc: vignettes/design.qmd

    their type (type 1 or 2), and date of onset as classified by the
    algorithm.
3.  Internally checks individual registers for the variables required by
    the algorithm.
4.  Provides a list of required variables and registers in order to
    calculate diabetes status.
5.  Provides internal checks of whether variables match the expected
    data types.
6.  Provides a common and easily accessible standard for determining
    diabetes status within the context of research using Danish
    registers.

## Function conventions

To effectively develop both the user-facing and internal functions, we
follow some conventions and design patterns for building these
functions. There are a few conventions we describe here: naming patterns
for functions and arguments, their argument input requirements, and
their output data structure.

The below conventions are *ideals* only, to be used as a guidelines to
help with development and understanding of the code; they are not hard
rules.

### Naming

-   First word is an action verb, later words are objects or conditions.
-   Exclusion criteria are prefixed with `exclude_`.
-   Inclusion criteria are prefixed with `include_`.

> -   Helpers that get or extract a condition (e.g., "pregnancy") are
>     prefixed with `get_`.

Author: True. I'll delete it and add `add_` instead. I'll hold of with `keep_` and `drop_` until I implement it (which might be tomorrow 🤞)
```suggestion
-   Helpers that add columns needed for classification are
    prefixed with `add_`.
```
